Add `XCTAsyncTest` and `XCTAssertThrowsError` from gRPC Swift (#493)
swift-server/async-http-client: NOTICE.txt

                            The AsyncHTTPClient Project
                            ===========================

Please visit the AsyncHTTPClient web site for more information:

  * https://github.com/swift-server/async-http-client

> Copyright 2017-2021 The AsyncHTTPClient Project

Reviewer: Does AHC really date back to 2017?! 🤯

Author: The first commit is from 2019: https://github.com/swift-server/async-http-client/commit/da770caf2e7878081b6444f03a606728a78156ac

However, they already include files with license headers which state 2017-2018 e.g: https://github.com/swift-server/async-http-client/blob/da770caf2e7878081b6444f03a606728a78156ac/Sources/SwiftNIOHTTP/Utils.swift#L5

So I don't really know which year I should choose.

Reviewer 2: 2017.

The AsyncHTTPClient Project licenses this file to you under the Apache License,
version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at:

  https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the
License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Also, please refer to each LICENSE.txt file, which is located in
the 'license' directory of the distribution file, for the license terms of the
components that this product depends on.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

> This product contains a derivation various scripts from SwiftNIO and contains "XCTest+AsyncAwait.swift" from gRPC Swift.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This product contains derivations of various scripts from SwiftNIO and contains "XCTest+AsyncAwait.swift" from gRPC Swift.
```

Reviewer: The test derivation script from NIO is derived from somewhere else -- does the original source need to be included here too?

Author: Good question but I don't know.

Reviewer 2: Yes, it does.

Author: I assume you mean "Tony Stone's 'process_test_files.rb'" right? If so, I have added it now.
